**Date:** 03-18-2025 

**Time:** 12:00 pm –1:50 pm 
<hr>

**Attendance:** 

Md Afikur Rahman Khan 

Vaishnavi Sabna 

Jarin Tasnim Ishika 

Arup Datta 

Rachelle Blosser 

 

**Discussion:** 

Time: 30 min 

Objective: Read source code  

Problems found: 

    Repository was not public. 

    Naming convention for methods could be better 

	Ex: maini, mainc, mains, etc 

    Separate code into different files so easier to understand 
    	Ex: one file includes payment, admin, etc. 

    More comments are required to understand the functionality of the methods. 

    No instructions for running in readme file 

    Less specificity with invalid credentials for sign in. Same method to cover both incorrect username and password. 

    Need more unit test cases. 

    Indentation level could be better. 

 
 

Group discussion: 

Time: 15 min 

Objective: Agree on a set of problems in code 

	See above problems 1-8 

 

Feedback session: 

Time: 25 min each ( 50 min) 

 Objective: Exchange feedback with paired groups, record feedback  

Started at 12:55 

Fantastic 6 covered the set of 1-8 problems. 

Verbal instructions wer given by Group 4 on how to run their program 

Once the program was running, a quick walk through of Group 4 userinterface. 

Group 4 feedback to Fantastic 6: 

Q: Ownership of project creation in the class diagram, specify for users. 

	A: Yes, there are missing links for the specification of the relationship of users to project creation. 

Q: Specification of user roles? 

A: The saveUser method hardcodes the role until the next phase and will be included with Deliverable 4. 

Q: Why does nullable evaluate to false in the project manager clause? 

	A: Enforces dependency of no project without a project manager 

Q: What if project manager leaves or is removed? 

	A: Activity status will be changed to false aka “soft delete” 

Q: Can there be multiple managers on each project? 

	A: For now, no. The relationship is one-to-one. That is there is only one manager per project. 

Q: What about project statuses? 

	A: The allowable statuses for each project can be found by navigating to the source code in main->constants. Only these constants are accepted as project statuses. 

 

Although not mentioned by Team 4, it is volunteered that additional commenting will be added to the code for future deliverables.  

 

Final discussion : 

Time: 10 min  

Objective: Discuss feedback received, decide to reject or accept feedback 
